src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger.php                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger.php                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger/Grid.php                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger/Grid.php                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger/Renderer/Content.php                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Logger/Renderer/Content.php                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Toolbar.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Toolbar.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Validator.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Adminhtml/Validator.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Config.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/Config.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Extensions.php                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Extensions.php                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Fieldset.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Fieldset.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Logger.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Logger.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Store.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Block/System/Config/Form/Store.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Controller/Router.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Controller/Router.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Attachment.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Attachment.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Code.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Code.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Config.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Config.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Cron.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Cron.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Data.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Data.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Date.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Date.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Debug.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Debug.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Help.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Help.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Image.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Image.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Logger.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Logger.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Parsevariables.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Parsevariables.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/String.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/String.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Urlrewrite.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Urlrewrite.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Abstract.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Abstract.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Conflict.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Conflict.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Crc.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Validator/Crc.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Version.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Helper/Version.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Attachment.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Attachment.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Abstract.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Abstract.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Extensions.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Extensions.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Updates.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Feed/Updates.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Image.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Image.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Logger.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Logger.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Media/Config.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Media/Config.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Notification.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Notification.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Attachment.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Attachment.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Attachment/Collection.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Attachment/Collection.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Logger.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Logger.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Logger/Collection.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Logger/Collection.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Urlrewrite.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Urlrewrite.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Urlrewrite/Collection.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Resource/Urlrewrite/Collection.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Urlrewrite.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Urlrewrite.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Wysiwyg/Config.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Model/Wysiwyg/Config.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Test/Helper/UrlrewriteTest.php                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Test/Helper/UrlrewriteTest.php                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Test/Helper/UrlrewriteTest/fixtures/data.yaml                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/Test/Helper/UrlrewriteTest/fixtures/data.yaml                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/Adminhtml/Mstcore/LoggerController.php             app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/Adminhtml/Mstcore/LoggerController.php            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/Adminhtml/Mstcore/ValidatorController.php          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/Adminhtml/Mstcore/ValidatorController.php         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/AttachmentController.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/AttachmentController.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/IndexController.php                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/controllers/IndexController.php                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/adminhtml.xml                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/adminhtml.xml                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/config.xml                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/config.xml                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.4.1.1.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.4.1.1.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.5.1.0.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.5.1.0.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.6.0.0.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.6.0.0.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.6.1.0.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.6.1.0.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.7.0.2.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.7.0.2.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.8.1.0.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.8.1.0.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.9.0.1.txt                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ce1.9.0.1.txt                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ee1.12.0.0.txt                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ee1.12.0.0.txt                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ee1.13.0.2.txt                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/crc/ee1.13.0.2.txt                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/mcore.crc                                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/mcore.crc                                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seo.crc                                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seo.crc                                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seoautolink.crc                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seoautolink.crc                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seositemap.crc                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seositemap.crc                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seosuite.crc                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/seosuite.crc                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/system.xml                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/etc/system.xml                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.5-1.0.6.php               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.5-1.0.6.php              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.6-1.0.7.php               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.6-1.0.7.php              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.7-1.0.8.php               app/code/local/Mirasvit/MstCore/sql/mstcore_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.7-1.0.8.php              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Catalog/Category/Tab/Seo.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Catalog/Category/Tab/Seo.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/CheckDuplicate/Check.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/CheckDuplicate/Check.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/CheckDuplicate/Check/Grid.php                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/CheckDuplicate/Check/Grid.php                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Edit.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Edit.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Edit/Form.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Edit/Form.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Grid.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirect/Grid.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirectimport/Edit.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirectimport/Edit.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirectimport/Edit/Form.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Redirectimport/Edit/Form.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Form.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Form.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Tab/Form.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Tab/Form.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Tabs.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Edit/Tabs.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Grid.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Rewrite/Grid.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/BtnAction.php                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/BtnAction.php                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Config/CheckDuplicateCategoryUrl.php        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Config/CheckDuplicateCategoryUrl.php       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Config/Warning.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Config/Warning.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/NoindexOption.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/NoindexOption.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/NoindexPages.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/NoindexPages.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Template/Run.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/Template/Run.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/TemplateRenderer.php                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/System/TemplateRenderer.php                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Form.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Form.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tab/General.php                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tab/General.php                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tab/Rule.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tab/Rule.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tabs.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Edit/Tabs.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Grid.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Template/Grid.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Widget/Renderer/Store.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Adminhtml/Widget/Renderer/Store.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Breadcrumbs.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Breadcrumbs.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar/Adapter.php                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar/Adapter.php                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Description.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Description.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Goodrelations.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Goodrelations.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Html/Head.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Html/Head.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Html/Pager.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Html/Pager.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Organizationsnippets.php                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Organizationsnippets.php                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/Helper.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/Helper.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/Product/View/List.php                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/Product/View/List.php                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/View.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Review/View.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Richsnippet.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Block/Richsnippet.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Controller/Router.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Controller/Router.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Breadcrumbs.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Breadcrumbs.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Canonical.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Canonical.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Checkdata.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Checkdata.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Code.php                                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Code.php                                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Data.php                                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Data.php                                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Help.php                                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Help.php                                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Mail.php                                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Mail.php                                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Migration.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Migration.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Parse.php                                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Parse.php                                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Redirect.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Redirect.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Rewrite/Image.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Rewrite/Image.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Snippets/Dimensions.php                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Snippets/Dimensions.php                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Snippets/Price.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Snippets/Price.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Url.php                                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Url.php                                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Validator.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Validator.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Version.php                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Helper/Version.php                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Config.php                                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Config.php                                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Enterprise/Rewrite/Product/Url.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Enterprise/Rewrite/Product/Url.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Info/Observer.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Info/Observer.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Keywords/Observer.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Keywords/Observer.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Abstract.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Abstract.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Category.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Category.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Filter.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Filter.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Page.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Page.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Pager.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Pager.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Product.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Product.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Producturl.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Producturl.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Store.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Store.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Wrapper/Filter.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Object/Wrapper/Filter.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Observer.php                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Observer.php                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Observer/System/Postinstall.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Observer/System/Postinstall.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Opengraph.php                                                app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Opengraph.php                                               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Paging.php                                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Paging.php                                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Redirect.php                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Redirect.php                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Redirect.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Redirect.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Redirect/Collection.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Redirect/Collection.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Rewrite.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Rewrite.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Rewrite/Collection.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Rewrite/Collection.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Template.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Template.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Template/Collection.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Resource/Template/Collection.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite.php                                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite.php                                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Attribute/Backend/Urlkey.php                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Attribute/Backend/Urlkey.php                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Image.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Image.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Image.php.var1                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Product/Image.php.var1                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Tag.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Tag.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Url.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Rewrite/Url.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Session.php                                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Session.php                                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Snippets/Observer.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Snippets/Observer.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Snippets/Twitter.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Snippets/Twitter.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Cms/Observer.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Cms/Observer.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Backend/Canonical.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Backend/Canonical.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Backend/Robot.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Backend/Robot.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Frontend/Category.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Frontend/Category.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Alternatesforcms.php                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Alternatesforcms.php                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Ifnotemptynativemeta.php              app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Ifnotemptynativemeta.php             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Lnseparator.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Observer/Lnseparator.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Associatedcanonical/Product.php         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Associatedcanonical/Product.php        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Breadcrumbs.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Breadcrumbs.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Canonical.php                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Canonical.php                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Category.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Category.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Categoryrichsnippets.php                app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Categoryrichsnippets.php               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Conditionrichsnippets.php               app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Conditionrichsnippets.php              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Crossdomain.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Crossdomain.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Httpsnoindexpages.php                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Httpsnoindexpages.php                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metadescriptionpagenumber.php           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metadescriptionpagenumber.php          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metarobots.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metarobots.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metatitlepagenumber.php                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Metatitlepagenumber.php                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Countryaddress.php app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Countryaddress.php
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Email.php          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Email.php         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/General.php        app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/General.php       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Logo.php           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Logo.php          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Name.php           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Name.php          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Streetaddress.php  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Streetaddress.php 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Telephone.php      app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Organizationsnippets/Telephone.php     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Producturlformat.php                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Producturlformat.php                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Rewiewcount.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Rewiewcount.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Trailingslash.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Trailingslash.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Twittercard.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Twittercard.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Urlsforlayerednavigationseparator.php   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Urlsforlayerednavigationseparator.php  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Weightrichsnippets.php                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Config/Source/Weightrichsnippets.php                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Template/Worker.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/System/Template/Worker.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template.php                                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template.php                                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template/Rule/Condition/Combine.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template/Rule/Condition/Combine.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template/Rule/Condition/Validate.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Model/Template/Rule/Condition/Validate.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/ParseTest.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/ParseTest.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/ParseTest/fixtures/products.yaml                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/Helper/ParseTest/fixtures/products.yaml                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/module_fixtures.yaml                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/module_fixtures.yaml                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/system_fixtures.yaml                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/Test/system_fixtures.yaml                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RedirectController.php                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RedirectController.php                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RedirectimportController.php             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RedirectimportController.php            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RewriteController.php                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/RewriteController.php                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/CheckDuplicateController.php      app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/CheckDuplicateController.php     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/HideMessageController.php         app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/HideMessageController.php        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/TemplateController.php            app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/System/TemplateController.php           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/TemplateController.php                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/Seo/TemplateController.php                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/System/TemplateController.php                app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/controllers/Adminhtml/System/TemplateController.php               
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/adminhtml.xml                                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/adminhtml.xml                                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/config.xml                                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/config.xml                                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/system.xml                                                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/etc/system.xml                                                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.0-0.1.1.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.0-0.1.1.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.2-0.1.3.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.2-0.1.3.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.3-0.1.4.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.3-0.1.4.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.4-0.1.5.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.4-0.1.5.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.5-0.1.6.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.5-0.1.6.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.6-0.1.7.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.6-0.1.7.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.7-0.1.8.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.7-0.1.8.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.8-0.1.9.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.8-0.1.9.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.9-0.2.0.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.9-0.2.0.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.0-0.2.1.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.0-0.2.1.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.1-0.2.2.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.1-0.2.2.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.2-0.2.3.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.2-0.2.3.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.3-0.2.4.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.3-0.2.4.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.4-0.2.5.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.4-0.2.5.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.5-0.2.6.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.5-0.2.6.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.6-0.2.7.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.6-0.2.7.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.7-0.2.8.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.7-0.2.8.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.8-0.2.9.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/Seo/sql/seo_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.2.8-0.2.9.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Import/Edit.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Import/Edit.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Import/Edit/Form.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Import/Edit/Form.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Edit.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Edit.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Edit/Form.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Edit/Form.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Grid.php                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Link/Grid.php                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Widget/Renderer/Store.php                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Adminhtml/Widget/Renderer/Store.php                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Cms/Block.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Cms/Block.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Cms/Widget/Block.php                                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Block/Cms/Widget/Block.php                                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Code.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Code.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Data.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Data.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Help.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Help.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Migration.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Migration.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Pattern.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Pattern.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Validator.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Helper/Validator.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Blog/Observer.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Blog/Observer.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Occurence.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Occurence.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Target.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Target.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Urltarget.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Config/Source/Urltarget.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Link.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Link.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Observer.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Observer.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Resource/Link.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Resource/Link.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Resource/Link/Collection.php                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Model/Resource/Link/Collection.php                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/controllers/Adminhtml/Seoautolink/ImportController.php     app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/controllers/Adminhtml/Seoautolink/ImportController.php    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/controllers/Adminhtml/Seoautolink/LinkController.php       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/controllers/Adminhtml/Seoautolink/LinkController.php      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/adminhtml.xml                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/adminhtml.xml                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/config.xml                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/config.xml                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/system.xml                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/etc/system.xml                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-install-1.0.0.php             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-install-1.0.0.php            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.0-1.0.1.php       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.0-1.0.1.php      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.1-1.0.2.php       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.1-1.0.2.php      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.2-1.0.3.php       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.2-1.0.3.php      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.3-1.0.4.php       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoAutolink/sql/seoautolink_setup/mysql4-upgrade-1.0.3-1.0.4.php      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar.php                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar.php                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar/Pager.php                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Catalog/Product/List/Toolbar/Pager.php                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Category/View.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Category/View.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Layer/State.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Block/Layer/State.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Controller/Router.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Controller/Router.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Helper/Code.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Helper/Code.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Helper/Data.php                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Helper/Data.php                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Catalog/Layer.php                                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Catalog/Layer.php                                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Catalog/Layer/Filter/Item.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Catalog/Layer/Filter/Item.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Config.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Config.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Parser.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Parser.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Resource/Mysql4/Rewrite.php                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Resource/Mysql4/Rewrite.php                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Resource/Mysql4/Rewrite/Collection.php                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Resource/Mysql4/Rewrite/Collection.php                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Rewrite.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/Model/Rewrite.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/etc/config.xml                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/etc/config.xml                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/sql/seofilter_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php                 app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/sql/seofilter_setup/mysql4-install-0.1.0.php                
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/sql/seofilter_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.0-0.1.1.php           app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoFilter/sql/seofilter_setup/mysql4-upgrade-0.1.0-0.1.1.php          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/BadImageException.php                                       app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/BadImageException.php                                      
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Block/Map.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Block/Map.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Block/Map/Pager.php                                         app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Block/Map/Pager.php                                        
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Code.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Code.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Data.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Data.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Help.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Help.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Image.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Image.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Kb.php                                               app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Kb.php                                              
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Validator.php                                        app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Helper/Validator.php                                       
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Config.php                                            app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Config.php                                           
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Config/Source/Ignore/Cms/Pages.php                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Config/Source/Ignore/Cms/Pages.php                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Image.php                                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Image.php                                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Observer.php                                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Observer.php                                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Pager/Collection.php                                  app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Pager/Collection.php                                 
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Resource/Catalog/Product.php                          app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Resource/Catalog/Product.php                         
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Sitemap.php                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/Sitemap.php                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/System/Config/Backend/Priority.php                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/System/Config/Backend/Priority.php                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/System/Config/Source/Cmspage.php                      app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Model/System/Config/Source/Cmspage.php                     
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                    app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/Helper/DataTest.php                                   
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                     app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/Helper/DataTest/fixtures/data.yaml                    
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/module_fixtures.yaml                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/module_fixtures.yaml                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/system_fixtures.yaml                                   app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/Test/system_fixtures.yaml                                  
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/controllers/IndexController.php                             app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/controllers/IndexController.php                            
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/adminhtml.xml                                           app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/adminhtml.xml                                          
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/config.xml                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/config.xml                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/system.xml                                              app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/etc/system.xml                                             
src/app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/sql/mst_seositemap_setup/mysql4-install-1.0.0.php           app/code/local/Mirasvit/SeoSitemap/sql/mst_seositemap_setup/mysql4-install-1.0.0.php          
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seo.xml                                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seo.xml                                       
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seoautolink.xml                                app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seoautolink.xml                               
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seositemap.xml                                 app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mst_seositemap.xml                                
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mstcore.xml                                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/mstcore.xml                                       
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/mstcore                                          app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/mstcore                                         
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/seo                                              app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/seo                                             
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/mirasvit/layout/seo.xml                                           app/design/adminhtml/default/mirasvit/layout/seo.xml                                          
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/mirasvit/template/seo/rewrite.phtml                               app/design/adminhtml/default/mirasvit/template/seo/rewrite.phtml                              
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/mst_seositemap.xml                                     app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/mst_seositemap.xml                                    
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/seo.xml                                                app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/seo.xml                                               
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/template/seo                                                  app/design/frontend/base/default/template/seo                                                 
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/template/seositemap                                           app/design/frontend/base/default/template/seositemap                                          
src/app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_MstCore.xml                                                           app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_MstCore.xml                                                          
src/app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_Seo.xml                                                               app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_Seo.xml                                                              
src/app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoAutolink.xml                                                       app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoAutolink.xml
src/app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoFilter.xml                                                         app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoFilter.xml                                                        
src/app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoSitemap.xml                                                        app/etc/modules/Mirasvit_SeoSitemap.xml                                                       
src/app/locale/en_US/Mirasvit_Seo.csv                                                              app/locale/en_US/Mirasvit_Seo.csv                                                             
src/js/mirasvit/code                                                                               js/mirasvit/code                                                                              
src/js/mirasvit/core                                                                               js/mirasvit/core                                                                              
src/media/seo/seo_autolink_example.csv                                                             media/seo/seo_autolink_example.csv                                                            
src/media/seo/seo_redirect_example.csv                                                             media/seo/seo_redirect_example.csv                                                            
src/shell/check_duplicate_keys.php                                                                 shell/check_duplicate_keys.php                                                                
src/shell/sitemap.php                                                                              shell/sitemap.php                                                                             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seo/css                                                     skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seo/css                                                    
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seo/js                                                      skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seo/js                                                     
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seoautolink/css                                             skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seoautolink/css                                            
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seositemap/css                                              skin/adminhtml/default/default/mst_seositemap/css                                             
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mstcore/css                                                     skin/adminhtml/default/default/mstcore/css                                                    
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/mstcore/images                                                  skin/adminhtml/default/default/mstcore/images                                                 
src/skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit                                                        skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit                                                       
src/skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit_mstcore.css                                            skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit_mstcore.css                                           
src/skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit_mstcore.less                                           skin/frontend/base/default/css/mirasvit_mstcore.less                                          
